Part 5:
We need this to: meet geographic requirements in our agreements with the owners of content on the Spotify Service deliver content and advertising thats relevant to you Your device sensor data Motion-generated or orientation-generated device sensor data if needed to provide features of the Spotify Service that require this data. This is data which your device collects about the way you move or hold your device. Additional data you may choose to give us Categories Categories under CCPA Description Voice Data Internet or other electronic network activity information If voice features are available in your market and where youve chosen to use a voice feature, we collect and process voice data. Voice data means audio recordings of your voice and transcripts of those recordings. For more information on how different voice features work, and how you can control and turn them off, see our Voice Control Policy. Payment and Purchase Data Commercial information If you make any purchases from Spotify or sign up for a paid Service Option or a trial, we will need to process your payment data. The exact personal data collected and used will vary depending on the payment method. It will include information such as: name date of birth payment method type (e.g. credit or debit card) if using a debit or credit card, the card type, expiration date, and certain digits of your card number Note: For security, we never store your full card number ZIP/postal code mobile phone number details of your purchase and payment history Survey and Research Data Identifiers; and other information you share When you respond to a survey or take part in user research, we collect and use the personal data you provide. We receive some of the data mentioned above from third parties. The below table describes the categories of those third parties. Third party sources that we receive your data from Categories of third parties Description Data categories Authentication partners If you register for or log into the Spotify Service using another service, that service will send your information to us. This information helps create your account with us. User Data Third party applications, services and devices you connect to your Spotify account If you connect your Spotify account to a third party application, service or device, we may collect and use information from them. This collection is to make the integration possible. These third party apps, services or devices may include: social media devices including: audio (e.g. speakers and headphones) smart watches televisions mobile phones and tablets automotive (e.g. cars) games consoles services or platforms such as voice assistants or content platforms Well ask your permission before we collect your information from certain third parties. User Data Usage Data Technical service partners We work with technical service partners that give us certain data. This includes mapping IP addresses to non-precise location data (e.g., country or region, city, state). This makes it possible for Spotify to provide the Spotify Service, content, and features. We also work with security service providers who help us protect user accounts. User Data Usage Data Payment partners and Merchants If you choose to pay through third parties (e.g. telco carriers) or by invoice, we may get data from our payment partners. This allows us to: send you invoices process your payment give you what youve purchased If we direct you to a merchant, we receive data from the merchant that is related to your purchase. For example, we might direct you to an artists merchandise store on a third party platform or to a third party ticketing website. Receiving this data allows us to: calculate any commissions owed to us analyze the effectiveness of our partnership with these merchant partners understand your interests Payment and Purchase Data Advertising and marketing partners We receive inferences from certain advertising or marketing partners. 