Part 8:
For example, when we contact our users to ask for your feedback. Legitimate Interest Our legitimate interests here include to understand more about how users think about and use the Spotify Service. User Data Usage Data Voice Data Survey and Research Data
5. Sharing your personal data This section sets out who receives personal data which is collected or generated through your use of the Spotify Service. Publicly available information The following personal data will always be publicly available on the Spotify Service (except to any user you have blocked): your profile name your profile photo your public playlists other content you post on the Spotify Service, and any associated titles, descriptions and images who you follow on the Spotify Service who follows you on the Spotify Service You or another user can share certain information on third party services, like social media or messaging platforms. This includes: your profile any content you post on Spotify and details about that content your public playlists When this sharing occurs, the third party service may store a copy of it to support their features. Personal data you may choose to share We will only share the following personal data with those outlined in the table below where you have chosen to use a Spotify Service feature, or a third party application, service or device, and we need to share personal data to enable this, or if you otherwise grant us your permission to share the personal data. For example, you can do it by selecting the appropriate setting in the Spotify Service or by giving your consent Categories of recipients Categories of data you can choose to share Reason for sharing Third party applications, services and devices you connect to your Spotify account User Data Usage Data To connect your Spotify account, or so that you can use the Spotify Service in connection with third party applications, services or devices. Examples of such third party applications, services and devices include: social media applications speaker devices televisions automotive platforms voice assistants You can see and remove many third party connections under Apps in your account. Support community User Data To enable you to use the Spotify Support Community service. When you register for an account on the Spotify Support Community, well ask you to create a profile name. This will be publicly displayed to anyone who uses the Spotify Support Community. Well also display any questions or comments you post. Other Spotify users User Data Usage Data Voice Data To share information about your use of the Spotify Service with other Spotify users. These could include your followers on Spotify. For example, under Social settings you can choose to share your recently played artists and your playlists on your profile. You can also choose to create or join a shared playlist with other users. Shared playlists give you social recommendations based on your listening activity. Artists and record labels User Data To receive news or promotional offers from artists, record labels or other partners. You may choose to share your User Data for this purpose. Youll always have the option to change your mind and withdraw your consent at any time. Information we may share See this table for details of who we share to and why. Categories of recipients Categories of data Reason for sharing Service providers User Data Street Address Data Usage Data Voice Data Payment and Purchase Data Survey and Research Data So they can provide their services to Spotify. 