Part 11:
7. Transfer to other countries Because of the global nature of our business, Spotify shares personal data internationally with Spotify group companies, subcontractors and partners when carrying out the activities described in this Policy. They may process your data in countries whose data protection laws are not considered to be as strong as EU laws or the laws which apply where you live. For example, they may not give you the same rights over your data. Whenever we transfer personal data internationally, we use tools to: make sure the data transfer complies with applicable law help to give your data the same level of protection as it has in the EU To ensure each data transfer complies with applicable EU legislation, we use the following legal mechanisms: Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs). These clauses require the other party to protect your data and to provide you with EU-level rights and protections. For example, we use SCCs to transfer the personal data described in Section 3 Personal data we collect about you to our hosting provider which uses servers in the US. You can exercise your rights under the Standard Contractual Clauses by contacting us or the third party who processes your personal data. Adequacy Decisions. This means that we transfer personal data to countries outside of the European Economic Area which have adequate laws to protect personal data, as determined by the European Commission. For example, we transfer the personal data described in Section 3 Personal data we collect about you to vendors based in the United Kingdom, Canada, Japan, Republic of Korea and Switzerland. We also identify and use additional protections as appropriate for each data transfer. For example, we use: technical protections, such as encryption and pseudonymization policies and processes to challenge disproportionate or unlawful government authority requests 


8. Keeping your personal data safe Were committed to protecting our users personal data. We put in place appropriate technical and organizational measures to help protect the security of your personal data. However, be aware that no system is ever completely secure. We have put various safeguards in place to guard against unauthorized access and unnecessary retention of personal data in our systems. These include pseudonymization, encryption, access, and retention policies. To protect your user account, we encourage you to: use a strong password which you only use for your Spotify account never share your password with anyone limit access to your computer and browser log out once you have finished using the Spotify Service on a shared device read more detail on protecting your account You can log out of Spotify in multiple places at once by using the Sign out everywhere function on your account page. If other individuals have access to your Spotify account, then they can access personal data, controls and the Spotify Service available in your account. For example, you might have allowed someone to use your account on a shared device. Its your responsibility to only allow individuals to use your account where youre comfortable sharing this personal data with them. Anyone elses use of your Spotify account may impact your personalized recommendations and be included in your data download.