Part 9:
These service providers include those we hire to: give customer support operate the technical infrastructure we need to provide the Spotify Service assist in protecting and securing our systems and services (e.g. Googles reCAPTCHA) help market Spotifys (and our partners) products, services, events and promotions verify your eligibility for certain types of Service Options (e.g., Spotify Premium Student) Payment partners User Data Payment and Purchase Data So they can process your payments, and for anti-fraud purposes. Advertising partners User Data Usage Data So they can help us deliver more relevant advertising to you on the Spotify Service, and help measure the effectiveness of ads. For example, our ad partners help us facilitate tailored advertising. With respect to Spotify Service users under the age of 16, we do not share personal data to advertising partners by default. Marketing Partners User Data Usage Data To promote Spotify with our partners. We share certain User Data and Usage Data with these partners where necessary to: enable you to participate in Spotify promotions, including trials or other bundled offers to promote Spotify in media and advertising published on other online services help us and our partners to measure the effectiveness of Spotify promotions Examples of partners include: marketing or sponsorship partners websites and mobile apps who sell us advertising space on their services device, app and mobile partners who also offer Spotify promotions Our partners may also combine the personal data we share with them with other data they collect about you, e.g. your use of their services. We and our partners may use this information to present you with offers, promotions, or other marketing that we think youll find relevant. With respect to Spotify Service users under the age of 16, we do not share personal data to marketing partners by default. Ticketing and event partners User Data For every event for which we sell tickets, we will need to share your name, email or other order details to our event partners such as ticketing agent or venue box office where the event is taking place so that you can check-in as a verifiable guest who purchased tickets through Spotifys ticketing platform. Hosting Platforms Usage Data Hosting platforms host podcasts so that they can deliver them to you. We share certain data, such as your IP address, with the hosting platforms when you play a podcast. We also allow you to stream podcasts available from other hosting platforms not owned by Spotify. Podcast providers should explain in the show or episode description which platform is hosting the podcast. See the hosting platforms own privacy policy for how they use data shared with them. Academic researchers User Data Usage Data For activities such as statistical analysis and academic study, but only in a pseudonymized format. Other Spotify group companies, including companies that Spotify acquires User Data Street Address Data Usage Data Voice Data Payment and Purchase Data Survey and Research Data To carry out our daily business operations and so we can maintain, improve and provide the Spotify Service and acquired companies services to you. 