Part 2:
We inform you: through this Policy through information provided to you as you use the Spotify Service by answering your specific questions and requests when you contact us Know/ Access Request to know and access the personal data we process about you. To request a copy of your personal data from Spotify, either: use the Download your data tool in your account Privacy Settings, or contact us When you download your data you will receive the information about your data that Spotify has to provide under applicable laws. If you would like more information about how we process your personal data, you can contact us. Correction Request that we amend or update your personal data where its inaccurate or incomplete. You can edit your User Data under Edit profile in your account or by contacting us. Deletion Request that we delete certain of your personal data. For example, you can ask us to delete your personal data: that we no longer need for the purpose it was collected for that we process based on the legal basis of consent, and you withdraw your consent when you object (see section Object below) and you make a justified objection, or you object to direct marketing There are situations where Spotify is unable to delete your data, for example when: its still necessary to process the data for the purpose we collected it for Spotifys interest in using the data overrides your interest in having it deleted. For example, where we need the data to protect our services from fraud Spotify has a legal obligation to keep the data, or Spotify needs the data to establish, exercise or defend legal claims. For example, if theres an unresolved issue relating to your account There are several ways you can delete personal data from Spotify: to remove audio content from your profile select the relevant content and choose to remove it. For example, you can remove playlists from your profile, or remove a track from your playlist to request deletion of your other personal data from Spotify (and thus close your account), follow the steps on our support page. This data includes your User Data, Usage Data and other data listed in Section 3 Personal data we collect about you you can also contact us to request erasure or reach out to customer support via our chat bot Right to Limit Under California law, request that we limit the processing of sensitive personal data if we are using or disclosing it for purposes other than those specified in Section 7027(m) of the CCPA Regulations. Currently, we are not using or disclosing any sensitive personal data for purposes other than those specified in Section 7027(m) of the CCPA Regulations. Restriction Request that we stop processing all or some of your personal data. You can do this if: your personal data is inaccurate our processing is unlawful we do not need your information for a specific purpose, or you object to our processing and we are assessing your objection request. See section Object below You can request that we stop this processing temporarily or permanently. You can exercise your right to restriction by contacting us. Object Object to us processing your personal data. You can do this if: Spotify is processing your personal data on the legal basis of legitimate interests, or Spotify is processing your personal data for tailored advertising. To exercise your right to object, you can: use controls on the Spotify Service to switch off or adjust some features which process your personal data. See the end of this section on how you can control tailored advertising contact us Data portability Request a copy of your personal data in electronic format and the right to transmit that personal data for use in another partys service.