Part 1:
1. About this Policy This Privacy Policy describes how we process your personal data at Spotify USA Inc. From now on, well call it the Policy. It applies to your use of: all Spotify streaming services as a user. For example this includes: your use of Spotify on any device the personalization of your user experience. Watch our personalization explainer video to learn more about this the infrastructure required to provide our services connection of your Spotify account with another application both our free or paid streaming options (each a Service Option) other Spotify services which include a link to this Policy. These include Spotify websites, Customer Service and the Community Site From now on, well collectively call these the Spotify Service. From time to time, we may develop new or offer additional services. Theyll also be subject to this Policy, unless stated otherwise when we introduce them. This Policy is not... the Spotify Terms of Use, which is a separate document. The Terms of Use outline the legal contract between you and Spotify for using the Spotify Service. It also describes the rules of Spotify and your user rights about your use of other Spotify services which have their own privacy policy. Other Spotify services include Anchor, Soundtrap, Megaphone and the Spotify Live app Other resources and settings Key information about your personal data is right here in this Policy. However, you might want to take a look at our other privacy resources and controls: Privacy Center: A user-friendly hub with summaries of key topics and helpful videos. It includes the Your Privacy Controls video which shows you how to exercise your user rights and make choices about the way we process your data. See Section 2 Your personal data rights and controls for more on user rights. Privacy Settings: Control the processing of certain personal data, including tailored advertising. Notification Settings Set which marketing communications you get from Spotify. Settings (found in the Desktop and Mobile versions of Spotify): Control certain aspects of the Spotify Service such as Social or Explicit Content. On the Social setting, you can: start a Private session choose whether to share what you listen to on Spotify with your followers choose whether to show your recently played artists on your public profile On the Explicit Content setting you can control whether explicit-rated content can be played on your Spotify account. Cookies Policy: Information on how we use cookies and how to manage your cookie preferences. Cookies are files saved on your phone, tablet or computer when you visit a website.
2. Your personal data rights and controls Privacy laws give certain rights to individuals over their personal data. Some rights only apply when Spotify uses a certain legal basis to process your data. We explain each legal basis, and when Spotify uses each one, in Section 4 Our purpose for using your personal data. The table below explains: your rights circumstances when they apply (such as the legal basis required) how to use them You can also watch our video about Your Privacy Controls. Its your right to... How? Be informed Be informed of the personal data we process about you and how we process it. 