Part 3:
You can request us to transmit your data when we are processing your personal data on the legal bases of consent or performance of contract. However Spotify will try to honor any request to the extent possible. For information about how to exercise the right to portability, see Access above. Not be subject to automated decision making Not be subject to a decision based solely on automated decision making (decisions without human involvement), including profiling, where the decision would have a legal effect on you or produce a similarly significant effect. Spotify does not carry out this type of automated decision making in the Spotify Service. Withdrawal of consent Withdraw your consent to us collecting or using your personal data. You can do this if Spotify is processing your personal data on the legal basis of consent. To withdraw your consent, you can: adjust the relevant control on Spotify contact us Requests, generally We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under any privacy law. To verify a consumer request to know, request to delete, and request to correct, we ask you to provide certain details related to your Spotify account. Please note, if you do not have a Spotify account we will not have enough information about you to verify your identity and respond to your requests, as we do not keep sufficient information necessary to re-identify and link you to a prior visit to the Spotify Service where data may have been collected. As such, we will be unable to verify and honor your requests. Household requests If all the members of a household make an access, correction or deletion request, we will respond as if the requests are individual requests. Requests made through agents You may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney (in accordance with local law), an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights. Before accepting such a request from an agent, we will require the agent to provide proof you have authorized it to act on your behalf, and we may need you to verify your identity directly with us. Appeals process If your request is denied you may have the right to appeal the denial in accordance with the instructions provided to you when the denial was made. Tailored advertising controls What is tailored advertising? This is when we use information about you to tailor ads to be more relevant to you. This is also known as interest based advertising or cross-context behavioral advertising. An example of tailored advertising is when an advertising partner has information suggesting you like cars. This could enable us to show you ads about cars. How to control tailored advertising: You can control tailored advertising in your account Privacy Settings under Tailored Ads. You can also control tailored advertising for some podcasts using the link in the episodes show description. This applies where the content provider inserts advertising into the podcast to fund it. The hosting provider, which might not be Spotify, manages these controls for the podcast. If you are opted out of Tailored Ads in your Privacy Settings, you may still get advertising. This can include on our free Service Option, as well as our paid Service Option, as applicable (for example, advertising in podcasts). This type of advertising is based on your registration information and what you are currently listening to on our services. For example, if you are listening to a cooking podcast, you may hear an ad for a food processor. Metrics The following chart contains statistics about global verifiable requests we received from consumers between 1 January and 31 December 2021: Type of request Received Complied Denied Average response rate Right to Know / Access 457,465 457,465 0 4 days Request to Delete 2,298,607 2,298,607 0 15.5 days