Part 10:
For example: enabling our employees who work for different group companies to develop and improve features for the Spotify Service sharing data with our measurement companies to measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns that run on the Spotify Service sharing data with our podcast companies to better understand user listening trends Law enforcement and other authorities, or other parties to litigation User Data Usage Data When we believe in good faith its necessary for us to do so, for example: to comply with a legal obligation to respond to a valid legal process (such as a search warrant, court order, or subpoena) for our own or a third partys justifiable interest, relating to: national security law enforcement litigation (a court case) criminal investigation protecting someones safety preventing death or imminent bodily harm Purchasers of our business User Data Street Address Data Usage Data Voice Data Payment and Purchase Data Survey and Research Data If we were to sell or negotiate to sell our business to a buyer or possible buyer. In this case, we may transfer your personal data to a successor or affiliate as part of that transaction.
6. Data retention We keep your personal data only as long as necessary to provide you with the Spotify Service and for Spotifys legitimate and essential business purposes, such as: maintaining the performance of the Spotify Service making data-driven business decisions about new features and offerings complying with our legal obligations resolving disputes Here are some of the categories of our retention periods: Data retained until you remove it Its your right to request that we delete certain of your personal data. See the section on Deletion in Section 2 Your personal data rights and controls for more information. Data that expires after a specific period of time We have set certain retention periods so that some data expires after a specific period of time. Data retained until your Spotify account is deleted We keep some data until your Spotify account is deleted. When your Spotify account is deleted, your data is deleted or anonymized. Data retained for extended time periods for limited purposes After your account is deleted, we keep some data for a longer time period but for very limited purposes. Criteria used to determine the retention periods include: What is the appropriate retention period to carry out our purpose? Our systems are designed to automatically age out data based on a defined retention period. We choose the retention period based on its legitimate business purpose. Do we need to keep data to ensure the service that users expect? We keep personal data for an appropriate period to deliver a personalized service to our users over time. We typically keep streaming history for the life of an account, for example, to provide retrospective playlists that users enjoy and personalized recommendations that take listening habits into account. For example, Your Summer Rewind and the end-of-year Wrapped campaign. Are users able to update or delete the data themselves? Where users are able to see and update the personal data themselves, we keep the information for as long as the user chooses. Do we need to keep the data to uphold our rules and keep our service safe? We may keep data that has been removed from the Spotify Service for a limited period of time. 
This is: to help ensure user safety to protect against harmful content on our platform to take action with reports of intellectual property infringement This also helps us investigate potential breaches of our User Guidelines and Platform Rules. Is Spotify subject to a legal or contractual obligation to keep or delete the data? Examples include mandatory data retention laws, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation or data kept for the purposes of litigation. Conversely, we will remove unlawful content if the law requires us to do so.