Part 4:
3. Personal data we collect about you These tables set out the categories of personal data we collect from you. You can also watch our video about Personal Data at Spotify. Collected when you sign up for the Spotify Service or when you update your account Categories Categories under CCPA Description User Data Identifiers Personal data that we need to create your Spotify account and that enables you to use the Spotify Service. The type of data collected and used depends on the type of Service Option you have. It also depends on how you create your account, the country you are in, and if you use third party services to sign in. This may include your: profile name email address password phone number date of birth gender street address (see further details below) country university/college (for Spotify Premium Student) We receive some of this data from you e.g. from the sign up form or account page. We also collect some of this data from your device e.g. country or region. For more information about how we collect and use this data, see Your general (non-precise) location in the Usage Data category. Street Address Data Identifiers We may ask for and process your street address for the following reasons: to check eligibility for a Service Option to deliver notices which are required by law to deliver support options for billing and tax administration to deliver physical goods or gifts which you have requested In some cases, we may use a third party application to help you verify your address, such as Google Maps. Collected through your use of the Spotify Service Categories Categories under CCPA Description Usage Data Internet or other electronic network activity information; and Inferences Personal data collected and processed about you when youre accessing or using the Spotify Service. There are a few types of information this includes, listed in the following sections. Information about how you use Spotify Examples include: information about your Spotify Service Option your actions with the Spotify Service (including date and time), such as: search queries streaming history playlists you create your library browsing history account settings interactions with other Spotify users your use of third party services, devices and applications in connection with the Spotify Service inferences (i.e., our understanding) of your interests and preferences based on your usage of the Spotify Service content you provide when participating in Spotify promotions, such as contests or sweepstakes content you post to any part of the Spotify Service. For example: images, audio, text, titles, descriptions, communications, and other types of content Your technical data Examples include: URL information online identifiers such as cookie data and IP addresses information about the devices you use such as: device IDs network connection type (e.g. wifi, 4G, LTE, Bluetooth) provider network and device performance browser type language information enabling digital rights management operating system Spotify application version information which enables us to discover and connect with third party devices and applications. Examples of this information are the device name, device identifiers, brand and version. Examples of third party devices and applications are: devices on your wifi network (such as speakers) which can connect to the Spotify Service devices your operating system makes available when connecting via Bluetooth, plugin, and installation Spotify partner applications to determine whether the application is installed on your device Your general (non-precise) location Your general location includes country, region or state. We may learn this from technical data (e.g. your IP address, language setting of your device) or payment currency. 