Part 6:
These inferences are the partners understanding of your interests and preferences. This allows us to deliver more relevant ads and marketing. Usage Data Acquired companies We may receive data about you from companies we acquire. This is to enhance our services, products, and offerings. User Data Usage Data If you download the Spotify mobile app and try Spotify using a logged out user experience, we will collect limited information about your usage of the Spotify Service, including Usage Data. We do this to understand how you are accessing and using the Service. We also do this to ensure we provide the right experience for you, for example based on your country or region. If you decide to create a Spotify account to experience our service in full, then we will combine this data with your Spotify account data.
4. Our purpose for using your personal data The table below sets out: our purpose for processing your personal data our legal justifications (each called a legal basis) under data protection law, for each purpose categories of personal data which we use for each purpose. See more about these categories in Section 3 Personal data we collect about you You can also watch our video about Personal Data at Spotify. Here is a general explanation of each legal basis to help you understand the table: Performance of a Contract: When its necessary for Spotify (or a third party) to process your personal data to: comply with obligations under a contract with you. This includes Spotifys obligations under the Terms of Use to provide the Spotify Service to you, or verify information before a new contract with you begins. Legitimate Interest: When Spotify or a third party has an interest in using your personal data in a certain way, which is necessary and justified considering any possible risks to you and other Spotify users. For example, using your Usage Data to improve the Spotify Service for all users. Contact us if you want to understand a specific justification. Consent: When Spotify asks you to actively indicate your agreement to Spotifys use of your personal data for a certain purpose. Compliance with Legal Obligations: When Spotify must process your personal data to comply with a law. Purpose for processing your data Legal basis that permits the purpose Categories of personal data used for the purpose To provide the Spotify Service in accordance with our contract with you. For example, when we use your personal data to: set up an account for you personalize your account, or provide the Spotify app when you download it onto your device Performance of a Contract User Data Street Address Data Usage Data Voice Data Payment and Purchase Data To provide further parts of the Spotify Service. For example, when we use your personal data to enable you to share a link to Spotify content with someone else. Legitimate Interest Our legitimate interests here include: keeping the Spotify Service running and functional allowing users to access and use the Spotify Service User Data Street Address Data Usage Data Voice Data Payment and Purchase Data To provide certain additional voluntary features of the Spotify Service. When this is the case, we will clearly ask for your consent. Consent User Data Usage Data Survey and Research Data Payment and Purchase Data To diagnose, troubleshoot, and fix issues with the Spotify Service. Performance of a Contract User Data Usage Data To evaluate and develop new features, technologies, and improvements to the Spotify Service. For example: we use personal data to develop and improve our personalized recommendation algorithms we analyze how our users react to a particular new feature and see whether we should make any changes Legitimate Interest Our legitimate interests here include developing and improving products and features for our users.