Part 7:
User Data Usage Data Voice Data Survey and Research Data For marketing or advertising where the law requires us to collect your consent. For example, when we use cookies to understand your interests or the law requires consent for email marketing. Consent User Data Usage Data Survey and Research Data For other marketing, promotion and advertising purposes where the law does not require consent. For example, when we use your personal data to tailor advertising to your interests. Legitimate Interest Our legitimate interests here include using advertising to fund the Spotify Service, so that we can offer much of it for free. User Data Usage Data Survey and Research Data To comply with a legal obligation that we are subject to. This might be: an obligation under the law of the country / region you are in Swedish law (because of our headquarters in Sweden), or EU law that applies to us For example, when we use your date of birth when required for age verification purposes. Compliance with legal obligations User Data Street Address Data Usage Data Voice Data Payment and Purchase Data Survey and Research Data To comply with a request from law enforcement, courts, or other competent authorities. Compliance with legal obligations, and legitimate interest Our legitimate interests here include assisting law enforcement authorities to prevent or detect serious crime. User Data Street Address Data Usage Data Voice Data Payment and Purchase Data Survey and Research Data To fulfill contractual obligations with third parties. For example, when we provide pseudonymized data about our users listening because we have an agreement with a Spotify rightsholder to do so. Pseudonymized data means that your data is identified by a code rather than your name or other directly identifying information. Legitimate Interest Our legitimate interests here include: maintaining our relationships with artists so that we can provide the Spotify Service maintaining our relationships with other third parties for the same reason User Data Usage Data Voice Data Payment and Purchase Data To take appropriate action with reports of intellectual property infringement and inappropriate content. Legitimate Interest Our legitimate interests here include protecting intellectual property and original content. User Data Usage Data Voice Data Payment and Purchase Data To establish, exercise, or defend legal claims. For example, if we are involved in litigation and we need to provide information to our lawyers in relation to that legal case. Legitimate Interest Our legitimate interests here include: seeking legal advice protecting ourselves, our users or others in legal proceedings User Data Street Address Data Usage Data Voice Data Payment and Purchase Data Survey and Research Data To conduct business planning, reporting, and forecasting. For example, when we look at aggregated user data like the number of new sign ups in a country in order to plan new locations to launch our products and features in. Legitimate Interest Our legitimate interests here include researching and planning so that we can keep running our business successfully. User Data Usage Data Payment and Purchase Data To process your payment. For example, when we use your personal data to let you purchase a Spotify subscription. Performance of a Contract, and consent User Data Payment and Purchase Data Street Address Data To keep the Spotify Service secure and to detect and prevent fraud. For example, when we analyze Usage Data to check for fraudulent use of the Spotify Service. Legitimate Interest Our legitimate interests here include protecting the Spotify Service and our users against fraud and other illegal activity. User Data Street Address Data Usage Data Payment and Purchase Data To conduct research and surveys. 