Part 2:
If you reside in the Peoples Republic of China, which for purposes of this Privacy Policy does not include Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan (China), visit our China page to learn more about Airbnb Internet (Beijing) Co. Ltd. (安彼迎网络（北京）有限公司) (Airbnb China) and how your information is handled in relation to activities within China and your rights. Enterprise Customers and Airbnb for Work. If you use our enterprise services or have linked your account with an Airbnb for Work customer, visit our Enterprise Customers and Airbnb for Work page to learn about specific privacy information that applies to you. 1. DEFINITIONS Undefined terms in this Privacy Policy have the same definition as in our Terms of Service (Terms). 2. PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT 2.1 Information Needed to Use the Airbnb Platform. We collect personal information about you when you use the Airbnb Platform. Without it, we may not be able to provide all services requested. This information includes: Contact, Account, and Profile Information. Such as your first name, last name, phone number, postal address, email address, date of birth, and profile photo, some of which will depend on the features you use. Identity Verification and Payment Information. Such as images of your government-issued ID (as permitted by applicable laws), your ID number or other verification information, a selfie when we verify your ID, bank account or payment account information. If you are not an Airbnb user, we may receive payment information relating to you, such as when an Airbnb user provides your payment card to complete a booking. If a copy of your ID is provided to us, we may scan, use, and store information contained in your ID to verify your identity and for security purposes. 2.2 Information You Choose to Give Us. You can choose to provide us with additional personal information. This information may include: Additional Profile Information. Such as gender, preferred language(s), city, and personal description. Some of this information as indicated in your account settings is part of your public profile page and will be publicly visible. Information About Others. Such as a payment instrument belonging to another person or information about a co-traveler. By providing us with personal information about others, you certify that you have permission to provide that information to Airbnb for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and you have shared the Airbnb Privacy Policy with them. Other Information. Such as when you fill in a form, add information to your account, respond to surveys, post to community forums, participate in promotions, communicate with Airbnb Support and other Members, import or manually enter address book contacts, provide your address and/or geolocation, or share your experience with us. This may include health information if you choose to share it with us. 2.3 Information Automatically Collected by Using the Airbnb Platform and Our Payment Services. When you use the Airbnb Platform and Payment Services, we automatically collect personal and other information. This information may include: Geolocation Information. Such as precise or approximate location determined from your IP address, mobile or other devices GPS, or other information you share with us, depending on your device settings. We may also collect this information when youre not using the app if you enable this through your settings or device permissions. Usage Information. Such as the pages or content you view, searches for Listings, bookings you have made, additional services you have added, and other actions on the Airbnb Platform. 