Part 9:
Even if your country of residence is not Japan, your information may be shared with Airbnb GSL, which provides customer support and other business operation services to other Airbnb entities. Sharing with Airbnb China. If you (i) created a Listing in China, (ii) inquired about or booked a Host Service located in China, or (iii) sent a message to a Host in relation to that Hosts listing in China, information you provided was shared with Airbnb China as described in the prior version of this Privacy Policy. Similar to other hospitality or short-term rental companies that do business in China, Airbnb China may disclose your information to Chinese government agencies without further notice to you. Your information may be further shared with service providers (including in China) to help run our business. Our service providers may also disclose your information where required by law. 5. OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION 5.1 Third-Party Partners Integrations. Parts of Airbnb may link to third-party services. Airbnb does not own or control these third parties. When you interact with these third parties and choose to use their service, you are providing your information to them. Your use of these services is subject to the privacy policies of those providers, including Google Maps/Earth Additional Terms of Use, Google Privacy Policy (see here for more information on how Google uses information), Paypal Privacy Statement, and Citi Privacy Policy. 6. YOUR RIGHTS You can exercise any of the rights described in this section consistent with applicable law. See here for information on data subject rights requests and how to submit a request. We may ask you to verify your identity and request before taking further action on your request. Learn more about rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the Brazil General Data Protection Law ("LGPD") here. If your country of residence is China, learn more about your rights here. 6.1 Managing Your Information. You can access and update some of your personal information through your Account settings. If you connected your Airbnb Account to a third-party service, like Facebook or Google, you can change your settings and unlink from that service in your Account settings. You are responsible for keeping your personal information up to date. 6.2 Data Access and Portability. In some jurisdictions, applicable law may entitle you to request certain copies of your personal information or information about how we handle your personal information, request copies of personal information that you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format, and/or request that we transmit this information to another service provider (where technically feasible). 6.3 Data Erasure. In some jurisdictions, you can request that your personal information be deleted. Please note that if you request deletion of your personal information, or if your account is suspended, terminated, or voluntarily closed: We may retain your personal information as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as prevention of money laundering, fraud detection and prevention, and enhancing safety. For example, if we suspend an Airbnb Account for fraud or safety reasons, we may retain information from that Airbnb Account to prevent that Member from opening a new Airbnb Account in the future. We may retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations. For example, Airbnb and Airbnb Payments may keep information for tax, legal reporting, and auditing obligations.