Part 8:
If a booking is designated as being for a business or work purpose and (1) is made by a Guest affiliated with an Enterprise and (2) the Enterprise is enrolled in Airbnb for Work, we may disclose information related to the booking to the Enterprise (e.g., name of the Host, Accommodation address, booking dates, Listing details, etc.) to the extent necessary for the adequate performance of Airbnbs contract with the Enterprise and to provide the services. At the request of the Enterprise or the Guest, we may also share this information with third parties engaged by the Enterprise to provide support services. 4.8 Service Providers. We share personal information with affiliated and unaffiliated service providers (including their service providers) to help us run our business and for their compliance purposes, including those that help us: (i) verify your identity or authenticate your identification documents, (ii) check information against public databases, (iii) conduct background checks, fraud prevention, security investigations, and risk assessments, (iv) perform product development, maintenance, and debugging, (v) allow the provision of the Airbnb Services through third-party platforms and software tools (e.g., through the integration with our APIs), (vi) provide customer service, advertising, or payments services, (vii) offer additional services you select, (viii) process, handle, or assess insurance claims or similar claims, or (ix) review, scan, and analyze communications on the Airbnb Platform for certain purposes (such as evidence of child exploitation). See the Analyzing and Sharing Your Communications section for additional information. These providers are contractually bound to protect your personal information and have access to your personal information to perform these tasks. Other Members can use services other than Airbnb to process your data. These can include email or reservation management software. Such services are outside of Airbnbs control and will be subject to applicable laws around the world with varying levels of data protection. 4.9 Business Transfers. If Airbnb undertakes or is involved in any merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, bankruptcy, or insolvency event, then we may sell, transfer, or share some or all of our assets, including your information in connection with such transaction or in contemplation of such transaction (e.g., due diligence). In this event, we will notify you before your personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy. 4.10 Corporate Affiliates. To support us in providing, integrating, promoting and improving the Airbnb Platform, Payment Services, and our affiliates services, we may share personal information within our corporate family of companies that are related by common ownership or control. Some examples are: Sharing with Airbnb, Inc. Even if your country of residence is not the United States, your information will be shared with Airbnb, Inc., which provides the technical infrastructure for the Airbnb Platform. Sharing with Airbnb Payments. In order to facilitate payments on or through the Airbnb Platform, certain information as described in the Outside of the United States section will be shared with the relevant Airbnb Payments entity. Sharing with Airbnb Ireland. Even if your country of residence is outside EEA (e.g., United States, Japan, China) your information may be shared with Airbnb Ireland, which provides customer support and other business operation services to other Airbnb entities and may be disclosed in line with section 4.5 above. Sharing with Airbnb GSL. 