Part 1
Before you scroll, read this Its really hard to make everyone happy with a Privacy Policy. Most people who use Twitter want something short and easy to understand. While we wish we could fit everything you need to know into a Tweet, our regulators ask us to meet our legal obligations by describing them all in a lot of detail. With that in mind, we've written our Privacy Policy as simple as possible to empower you to make informed decisions when you use Twitter by making sure you understand and have control over the information we collect, how its used, and when it's shared. What data do you collect about me? You give some data, we get some data. In return we offer useful services. Not what you had in mind? Check your settings.1. Information We Collect The information we collect when you use Twitter falls into three categories 1.1 Information you provide us. To use some of our products and services you need to have an account and to create an account, you need to provide us with certain information. Likewise, if you use our paid products and services, we cannot provide them to you without getting payment information. Basically, certain information is necessary if you want to use many of our products and services. Personal Accounts. If you create an account, you must provide us with some information so that we can provide our services to you. This includes a display name (for example, Twitter Moments); a username (for example, @TwitterMoments); a password; an email address or phone number; a date of birth; your display language; and third-party single sign-in information (if you choose this sign-in method). You can also choose to share your location in your profile and Tweets and to upload your address book to Twitter to help find people you may know. Your profile information, which includes your display name and username, is always public, but you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. And remember, you can create multiple Twitter accounts, for example, to express different parts of your identity, professional or otherwise. Professional Accounts. If you create a professional account, you also need to provide us with a professional category and may provide us with other information, including street address, contact email address, and contact phone number, all of which will always be public. Payment Information. In order to purchase ads or other offerings provided as part of our paid products and services you will need to provide us with payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address. Preferences. When you set your preferences using your settings, we collect that information so that we can respect your preferences 1.2 Information we collect when you use Twitter. A trio of blue interlocking gears with the Twitter logo in the center, encircled by various information types like location pins and cookies. When you use our services, we collect information about how you use our products and services. We use that information to provide you with products and services, to help keep Twitter more secure and respectful for everyone, and more relevant to you.Usage Information. We collect information about your activity on Twitter, including: Tweets and other content you post (including the date, application, and version of Twitter) and information about your broadcast activity (e.g., TwitterLive or Spaces), including broadcasts youve created and when you created them, your lists, bookmarks, and communities you are a part of. Your interactions with other users content, such as retweets, likes, shares, replies, if other users mention or tag you in content or if you mention or tag them, and broadcasts you haveve participated in (including your viewing history, listening, commenting, speaking, and reacting).