Part 4:
The contents of photos and recordings submitted by users are subject to Ubers Community Guidelines. In certain jurisdictions, users can record the audio and/or video of their trips through an in-app feature or using a dashcam. In app recordings are encrypted and stored on users devices, and are only shared with Uber if submitted by the users in connection with safety incidents. Please see here for more information. Travel information: We collect travel itinerary information, including times and dates of upcoming flight, lodging or car rental reservations, from users of our Uber Travel feature. We collect such information: (i) when users manually input their information into their Uber Travel itinerary; or (2) if authorized by users to access their Gmail accounts, from travel-related email confirmations. If so authorized, Uber will only access users Gmail accounts to collect travel itinerary information to enable the Uber Travel feature, and will adhere to Googles API Services User Data Policy, including the limitations on use of data collected from users Gmail accounts. 2. Data created during use of our services. This includes: Location data (driver and delivery person): We collect precise or approximate location data from drivers and delivery persons mobile devices when the Uber app is running in the foreground (app open and on-screen) or background (app open but not on-screen). Location data (riders and order recipients). We collect precise or approximate location information from riders and order recipients mobile devices if they enable us to do so via their device settings. Uber collects such data from the time a ride or order is requested until it is finished, and any time the app is running in the foreground (app open and on-screen). See Choice and transparency below for information on how riders and order recipients can enable precise location data collection. Riders and order recipients may use the Uber apps without enabling collection of location data from their mobile devices. However, this may affect certain features in the Uber apps. For example, a rider who has not enabled precise location data will have to manually enter their pickup address. In addition, precise location data collected from a drivers device during a trip is linked to the riders account, even if the rider has not enabled precise location data to be collected from their device. This data is used for purposes such as receipt generation, customer support, fraud detection, insurance, and litigation. Transaction information: We collect transaction information related to the use of our services, including the type of services requested or provided; trip or order details (such as date and time, requested pick-up and drop off addresses, distance traveled and items ordered); and payment transaction information (such as a restaurants or merchants name and location, amount charged, and payment method). We also associate a users name with that of anyone who uses their promotion code. Usage data: We collect data about how users interact with our services. This includes access dates and times, app features or pages viewed, browser type, and app crashes and other system activity. Device data: We collect data about the devices used to access our services, including the hardware models, device IP address or other unique device identifiers, operating systems and versions, software, preferred languages, advertising identifiers, device motion data, and mobile network data. Communications data: We collect data regarding phone, text or in-app communications between users that are enabled through Ubers apps. This includes date and time, as well as the content of text or in-app messages. We may also collect the content of phone calls solely where users are notified in advance that the call may be recorded. 
