Part 6:
facilitate insurance, vehicle, invoicing, or financing solutions. provide users with trip or delivery updates, generate receipts, and inform them of changes to our terms, services, or policies. perform necessary operations to maintain our services, including to troubleshoot software bugs and operational problems. Uber performs the above activities on the grounds that they are necessary to fulfill the terms of our agreements with users, are compatible with such uses, or on the grounds that they are necessary for purposes of Ubers and its users legitimate interests. 2. Safety and security. We use data to help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our services and users. This includes: verifying users identity and eligibility to provide transportation or deliveries, including through reviews of background checks, to help prevent use of our services by unsafe drivers and/or riders. In certain regions, this includes Ubers Real-Time ID Check feature, which prompts drivers and delivery persons to share a selfie before going online to help ensure that the driver or delivery person using the app matches the Uber account we have on file. We may also use this feature for other verification purposes such as verifying change of bank account information or regaining account access. In addition, we may use facial recognition technology to process user profile photographs, identification photographs, or other user-submitted photographs to prevent identity-borrowing or use of our services by unauthorized drivers or delivery people. We may also use selfies to verify that users are wearing masks, helmets or other safety gear through the use of object verification technology. In some countries, riders may be required to verify their identity to use cash and certain other payment methods. In such cases, Uber allows riders to provide their ID number and/or a photo of their identification card to complete such verifications.Please see here for more information about rider identity verification. Similarly, order recipients may be required to provide their age and an image of their government issued identification to verify their eligibility to order and receive alcohol deliveries. Please see here for more information about order recipient identity verification. using data from drivers or delivery persons devices to detect unsafe driving behavior such as speeding or harsh braking and acceleration, and to inform them of safer driving practices. We also use data from delivery persons devices to verify the type of vehicles they used to provide deliveries. using driver location information, and communications between riders and drivers, to identify cancellation fees earned or induced through fraud. For example, if we determine that a driver is delaying a rider pickup in order to induce a cancellation, we will not charge the rider a cancellation fee and will adjust the amounts paid to the driver to omit such a fee. To object to such an adjustment, please contact Uber customer support. using device, location, user profile, usage, and other data to prevent, detect, and combat other types of fraud. This includes identifying fraudulent accounts or uses of our services, preventing use of our services by unauthorized drivers or delivery persons, verifying user identities in connection with certain payment methods, and preventing and combating unauthorized access to users accounts. In some cases, such as when a user is determined to be abusing Ubers referral program or has submitted fraudulent documents, such behavior may result in automatic deactivation, or in the European Union or where otherwise required by law, deactivation after human review. To object to such a deactivation,please contact Uber customer support. using user ratings, reported incidents, and other feedback to encourage compliance with our Community Guidelines and as grounds for deactivating users with low ratings or who otherwise violated such guidelines in certain countries. 
