Part 11:
Uber retains user data for as long as necessary for the purposes described above. The period for which we retain user data is determined by the type of data, the category of user to whom the data relates, and the purposes for which we collected the data. The length for which Uber retains user data may further be determined by legal and regulatory requirements, purposes of safety, security, and fraud prevention, or by issues relating to the users account such as an outstanding credit or an unresolved claim or dispute. For example, we retain data: for the life of users accounts if such data is necessary to provide our services. E.g., user profile information and credentials. for 7 years if necessary to comply with tax requirements. E.g., drivers and delivery persons trip or delivery location information. for defined periods as necessary for purposes of safety or fraud prevention. E.g., we retain incomplete driver applications for 1 year, and rejected driver applications for 7 years. after requests for account deletion if necessary for purposes of safety, security, fraud prevention or compliance with legal requirements, or because of issues relating to the users account (such as an outstanding credit or an unresolved claim or dispute). Users may request deletion of their accounts at any time. Uber may retain user data after a deletion request due to legal or regulatory requirements or for reasons stated in this policy. Users may request deletion of their account at any time through the Settings Privacy menus in the Uber app, or through Ubers website (riders and order recipients here; drivers and delivery persons here; guest checkout users here). Following an account deletion request, Uber deletes the users account and data, unless they must be retained due to legal or regulatory requirements, for purposes of safety, security, and fraud prevention, or because of an issue relating to the users account such as an outstanding credit or an unresolved claim or dispute. Because we are subject to legal and regulatory requirements relating to drivers and delivery persons, this generally means that we retain their account and data for the applicable statutory retention period after a deletion request. For riders and order recipients, their data is generally deleted within 90 days of a deletion request, except where retention is necessary for the above reasons. IV. Choice and transparency Uber enables users to access and/or control data that Uber collects, including through: privacy settings device permissions in-app ratings pages marketing choices Uber also enables users to request access to or copies of their data, make changes or updates to their accounts, request deletion of their accounts, or request that Uber restrict its processing of user data. A. Privacy settings The Settings Privacy menu in the Uber app allows riders and order recipients to set or update their preferences regarding location data collection and sharing, emergency data sharing, and notifications. Our Privacy Center is also available in web version. Location data collection (riders and order recipients) Riders and order recipients can enable/disable Uber to collect location data from their mobile devices through their device settings, which can be accessed via the Settings Privacy Location menu. Share Live Location (Riders) Riders can enable/disable Uber to share their real-time location data from their mobile devices with their drivers through their device settings, which can be accessed via the Settings Privacy Location menu. Emergency Data Sharing Riders may enable Uber to share real-time location data from their mobile devices with emergency police, fire, and ambulance services. Such data may include approximate location at the time the emergency call was placed; the cars make, model, color, and license plate information; the riders name and phone number; pickup and dropoff locations; and the drivers name.