Part 12:
Riders may enable/disable this feature via the Settings Privacy Location menu, or the Safety Center. Drivers and delivery persons can also enable/disable Emergency Data Sharing via the App settings Emergency Data Sharing menu, or the Safety Toolkit. Notifications: account and trip updates Uber provides users with trip status notifications and updates related to activity on their account. These notifications are a necessary part of using the Uber app and cannot be disabled. However, users may choose the method by which they receive these notifications through the Settings Privacy menu. Notifications: discounts and news Users may enable Uber to send push notifications about discounts and news from Uber. Push notifications may be enabled or disabled through the Settings Privacy menus in the Uber app. Communications from restaurants and merchants While placing an order in the Uber Eats app, users may opt-in to share their contact details with certain restaurants or merchants in order to receive communications from them. Those who opt-in may choose to cease receiving such communications through the Settings Account Data Sharing menus in the Uber Eats app. B. Device permissions Most mobile device platforms (iOS, Android, etc.) have defined certain types of device data that apps cannot access without the device owners permission, and these platforms have different methods for how that permission can be obtained. Please check the available settings on your device or check with your provider. C. In-app ratings pages After every trip, drivers and riders are able to rate each other on a scale from 1 to 5. An average of those ratings is associated with a users account and is displayed to other users for whom they provide or receive services. For example, rider ratings are available to drivers from whom they request transportation, and driver ratings are available to their riders. This 2-way system holds everyone accountable for their behavior. Accountability helps create a respectful, safe environment for drivers and riders. Riders can see their average rating in the main menu of the Uber app, and also access a breakdown of their average rating in Ubers Privacy Center. Drivers can see their average rating after tapping their profile photo in the Uber Driver app. Click here for more information. Delivery persons may also be rated by order recipients, restaurants and merchants. Click here for more information. D. Marketing and advertising choices Uber provides users with the following choices regarding how their data is used for purposes of marketing and advertising: Personalized marketing communications from Uber: Users may choose here whether Uber may use their data to send personalized communications (such as, emails, push notifications, and in-app messages) about Uber products and services. Users may also choose here whether to receive any marketing emails or push notifications from Uber. Uber ads: Users may choose here whether their data is used and shared with advertising partners to deliver personalized ads about Uber products and services on third party apps and websites, or to measure the effectiveness of such ads. Restaurant and merchant ads: Users may choose here whether Uber may use their order and search history to display personalized ads for restaurants or merchants that are available on Uber Eats. Third party ads: Users may choose here whether Uber may use their data to display ads for third party products or services that are personalized based on users observed or inferred interests and characteristics. 