Part 8:
These ads (which are identified as Sponsored Listings in Ubers apps) include recommendations that are personalized based on users location and order histories. This also includes ads for other third party products or services that are personalized based on users observed or inferred interests and characteristics, which we determine using data such as approximate location, trip information and history, usage data, demographic data (which may include inferred gender), and device or user identifiers. This also includes ads that are personalized based on data about the current trip or delivery request, including time of request and services requested. For example, if a user requests a trip to a supermarket, we may display in-app ads for third party products that may be available at that supermarket. Measuring the effectiveness of Ubers ads, and of third party ads displayed in Ubers apps or in connection with our services. Uber performs the above activities on the grounds that they are necessary for purposes of Ubers legitimate interests in informing users about Uber services and features or those offered by Uber partners. See the sections titled Choice and transparency and Marketing and advertising choices for information on your choices regarding how Uber may use your data for marketing and advertising. 7. Non-marketing communications. Uber may use data to send surveys and other communications that are not for the purpose of marketing the services or products of Uber or its partners. We may also send users communications regarding elections, ballots, referenda, and other political processes that relate to our services. For example, Uber has notified some users by email of ballot measures or pending legislation relating to Ubers services in those users areas. Uber performs the above activities on the grounds that they are necessary to fulfill the terms of our agreements with users, or for purposes of Ubers and its users legitimate interests in informing users about events that may have an impact on their use of Uber services. 8. Legal proceedings and requirements. We use data to investigate or address claims or disputes relating to use of Ubers services, to satisfy requirements under applicable laws, regulations, or operating licenses or agreements, or pursuant to legal process or governmental request, including from law enforcement. Uber performs the above activities on the grounds that they are necessary for purposes of Ubers legitimate interests in investigating and responding to claims and disputes relating to use of Ubers services and features, and/or necessary for compliance with applicable legal requirements. C. Cookies and third-party technologies Uber and its partners use cookies and other identification technologies on our apps, websites, emails, and online ads for purposes described in this notice, and Ubers Cookie Notice. Cookies are small text files that are stored on browsers or devices by websites, apps, online media, and advertisements. Uber uses cookies and similar technologies for purposes such as: authenticating users remembering user preferences and settings determining the popularity of content delivering and measuring the effectiveness of advertising campaigns analyzing site traffic and trends, and generally understanding the online behaviors and interests of people who interact with our services We may also allow others to provide audience measurement and analytics services for us, to serve advertisements on our behalf across the internet, and to track and report on the performance of those advertisements. These entities may use cookies, web beacons, SDKs, and other technologies to identify the devices used by visitors to our websites, as well as when they visit other online sites and services. Please see our Cookie Notice for more information regarding the use of cookies and other technologies described in this section.