Part 2:
For users in Nigeria: Uber processes the data of users in Nigeria on the grounds that it is necessary to fulfill the terms of our agreements with those users, or based on their consent. For users in South Korea: Please see here for information about Uber affiliate UT LLCs privacy practices. Please contact us here or through the addresses below with any questions regarding our practices in a particular country or region. B. Data controller and transfer Uber B.V. and Uber Technologies Inc. are the data controllers for the data collected in connection with use of Ubers services in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom and Switzerland. Uber Technologies Inc. is the data controller for the data collected in connection with use of Ubers services everywhere else. Uber B.V. (Burgerweeshuispad 101, 1076 ER Amsterdam, The Netherlands) and Uber Technologies Inc. (1515 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA, 94158, USA) are the data controllers for the data collected in connection with use of Ubers services in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom and Switzerland. In addition, for drivers in the UK, (1) the Uber entity holding the relevant private hire vehicle operator license is the data controller for the data required to comply with licensing requirements; and (2) Uber B.V., Uber Technologies, and the Uber entity with whom the driver has entered into a contract are joint controllers for the data required to comply with worker rights. Uber Technologies Inc. is the data controller for the data collected in connection with use of Ubers services everywhere else. Uber operates, and processes personal data, globally; wherever and whenever you travel, your data travels with you so we can offer you a seamless experience. We also respect your data protection rights whether you are in your home country or elsewhere. This means that we may transfer personal data to countries other than your home country in order to provide our services in a different country at your request. We may also transfer personal data to another country if that is necessary to respond to a customer support request that you submitted outside your region. And trip/order histories may be accessed by users in another country after they have left the country where services were rendered. Because our services involve multiple users at the same time, limited personal data may be accessible to the other user in another country. We do so in order to fulfill our agreements with all of our users, or based on users instructions or prior consent, adequacy decisions for the relevant countries, or other transfer mechanisms as may be available under applicable law, such as the Standard Contractual Clauses. We may also transfer data to other countries in order to respond to a request for personal data from a law enforcement agency. To provide additional safeguards to these data transfers, Uber applies a robust internal procedure for processing these requests. Uber only discloses personal data to law enforcement agencies in a manner that is consistent with the regulatory requirements of applicable laws, such as the GDPR. You can find more information about requests from law enforcement here. To help provide equivalent data protection wherever you use our services, Uber has implemented the following measures across the globe: policies and procedures to limit access to, and the processing of personal data for defined purposes; specific training of personnel responsible for managing personal data; a government data access policy that refuses government access to data, except when disclosure is mandated by applicable laws including the EU GDPR, there is imminent risk of serious harm to individuals, or consent is obtained; robust protection of data while it is in transit between Uber apps and our servers, and when the data is processed on our servers. 
