Part 10:
For example, Uber processes and stores such data in the United States on behalf of its international subsidiaries and affiliates, such as Cornershop. For more information, please visit our Cornershop Data Sharing Policy. 6. With Uber service providers and business partners These include: payment processors and facilitators background check and identity verification providers cloud storage providers Google, in connection with the use of Google Maps in Ubers apps (see Googles privacy policy for information on their collection and use of data) social media companies, including Facebook and TikTok, in connection with Ubers use of their tools in Ubers apps and websites (see Facebooks privacy policy and TikToks privacy policy for information on their collection and use of data) marketing partners and marketing platform providers, including social media advertising services, advertising networks, third-party data providers, and other service providers to reach or better understand our users and measure advertising effectiveness This includes advertising intermediaries, such as Rokt, that enable Uber to display and measure the effectiveness of personalized ads for third party products that are displayed in Ubers apps. We share data such as advertising or device identifier, hashed email address, approximate location, and current trip or order information, and the intermediaries use this data to provide their services and such other purposes are disclosed in their privacy notices. Users may opt out from ad personalization in the Uber app here and in the Uber Eats app here. For more information regarding Rokt, including how to submit requests to Rokt relating to their handling of personal data, please see Rokts privacy policy research partners, including those performing surveys or research projects in partnership with Uber or on Ubers behalf vendors that assist Uber to enhance the safety and security of Uber apps and services consultants, lawyers, accountants, and other professional service providers insurance and financing partners airports providers of bike and scooters that can be rented through Uber apps, such as Lime third-party vehicle suppliers, including fleet and rental partners 7. For legal reasons or in the event of a dispute Uber may share users data if we believe its required by applicable law, regulation, operating license or agreement, legal process or governmental request, or where the disclosure is otherwise appropriate due to safety or similar concerns. This includes sharing data with law enforcement officials, public health officials, other government authorities, airports (if required by the airport authorities as a condition of operating on airport property), or other third parties as necessary to enforce our Terms of Service, user agreements, or other policies; to protect Ubers rights or property or the rights, safety, or property of others; or in the event of a claim or dispute relating to the use of our services. In the event of a dispute relating to use of another persons credit card, we may be required by law to share your data, including trip or order information, with the owner of that credit card. For more information, please see Ubers Guidelines for Law Enforcement Authorities - United States, Guidelines for Law Enforcement Authorities - Outside the US, and Guidelines for Third Party Data Requests and Service of Legal Documents. This also includes sharing data with others in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, consolidation or restructuring, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by or into another company. 8. With consent Uber may share a users data other than as described in this notice if we notify the user and they consent to the sharing. E. Data retention and deletion Uber retains user data for as long as necessary for the purposes described above, including to provide its services and comply with legal obligations. 