Part 13:
Cookies and related technologies: For information on how to control Ubers use of cookies and related technologies, including for purposes of displaying personalized ads, please see our Cookie Notice. E. User data requests Uber provides users with a variety of ways to learn about, control, and submit questions and comments about Ubers handling of their data. Accessing data: Users can access data including their profile data and trip or order history through the Uber apps or via Ubers website. Users can also use our Explore Your Data feature to view an online summary of information about their account, such as number of trips or orders, rating, rewards status, and number of days since theyve been an Uber user. Users can also request access to their data here. Data portability: Users can request a copy of their data using our Download Your Data tool. For an overview of the data available through that tool, please click here. Users may also request a copy of their data here. Changing or updating data: Users can edit the name, phone number, email address, payment method, and photo associated with their account through the Settings menu in Ubers apps or driver portal. Users may also request to update or correct their data here. Deleting data: Users may request deletion of their account at any time through Ubers Privacy Center, or in the Settings Privacy menus in the Uber app. Objections, restrictions, and complaints: Users may request that we stop using all or some of their data, or that we limit our use of their data here. This includes objecting to our use of data that is based on Ubers legitimate interests. Uber may continue to process data after such objection or request to the extent required or permitted by law. In addition, depending on their location, Users may have the right to file a complaint relating to Ubers handling of their data with the data protection authority in their country. For example, users in the European Union and South America may submit such requests to the data protection authorities in the country in which they live. Appeal: Users that reside in the U.S. may request a review of our decision in the event Uber cannot meet or denies a Users data request. Users may request an appeal of our decision here. V. Updates to this notice We may occasionally update this notice. We may occasionally update this notice. If we make significant changes, we will notify users in advance of the changes through the Uber apps or through other means, such as email. We encourage users to periodically review this notice for the latest information on our privacy practices. Use of our services after an update constitutes consent to the updated notice to the extent permitted by law.