Part 9:
D. Data sharing and disclosure Some of Ubers services and features require that we share data with other users or at a users request. We may also share such data with our affiliates, subsidiaries, and partners, for legal reasons or in connection with claims or disputes. Uber may share data: 1. With other users This includes sharing: riders first name, rating, and pickup and/or dropoff locations with drivers. riders first name with other riders in a carpool trip. Riders in carpool trips may also see the dropoff location of the other riders. order recipients first name, delivery address, and order information with the restaurant or merchant and, for order deliveries, with the delivery person. We may also share ratings and feedback, or other information to the extent required by law, with the restaurant or merchant and, for order deliveries, the delivery person. for drivers and delivery persons, we may share data with the rider(s), order recipient(s) and restaurants or merchants, including name and photo; vehicle make, model, color, license plate, and vehicle photo; location (before and during trip); average rating provided by users; total number of trips; period of time since they signed up to be a driver or delivery person; contact information; and driver or delivery person profile, including compliments and other feedback submitted by past users. We also provide riders and order recipients with receipts containing information such as a breakdown of amounts charged, driver or delivery person first name, photo, and route map. We also include other information on those receipts if required by law. for those who participate in Ubers referral program, we share certain data of referred users, such as trip count, with the user who referred them, to the extent relevant to determining the referral bonus. 2. At the users request This includes sharing data with: Other people at the users request. For example, we share a users ETA and location with a friend when requested by that user, or a users trip information when they split a fare with a friend. Uber business partners. For example, if a user requests a service through a partnership or promotional offering made by a third party, Uber may share certain data with those third parties. This may include, for example, other services, platforms, apps, or websites that integrate with our APIs; vehicle suppliers or services; those with an API or service with which we integrate; or restaurants, merchants or other Uber business partners and their users in connection with promotions, contests, or specialized services. Emergency services: We offer features that enable users to share their data with police, fire, and ambulance services in the event of an emergency or after certain incidents. For more information, please see the sections below titled Choice and Transparency and Emergency Data Sharing. 3. With the general public Questions or comments from users submitted through public forums such as Uber blogs and Uber social media pages may be viewable by the public, including any data included in the questions or comments submitted by a user. 4. With the Uber account owner If a user receives services through an account owned by another party, we may share their trip or order information, including location data, with the owner of that account. This occurs, for example, when: a rider uses their employers Uber for Business profile, such as when they take trips arranged through Uber Central. a driver or delivery person uses an account owned by or associated with an Uber partner transportation company or restaurant. a rider takes a trip or a delivery recipient receives an order arranged by a friend or under a family profile. a delivery person acts as a substitute (UK only). 5. With Uber subsidiaries and affiliates We share data with our subsidiaries and affiliates to help us provide our services or conduct data processing on our behalf.