Part 5:
3. Data from other sources. These include: users participating in our referral programs. For example, when a user refers another person, we receive the referred persons data from that user. Uber account owners who request services for or on behalf of other users (such as friends or family members), or who enable other users to request or receive services through their business accounts (such as owners of Uber Health, Uber Central, Uber Direct or Uber for Business accounts). users or others providing information in connection with claims or disputes. Uber business partners through which users create or access their Uber account, such as payment providers, social media services, or apps or websites that use Ubers APIs or whose APIs Uber uses. Uber business partners in connection with debit or credit cards issued by a financial institution in partnership with Uber to the extent disclosed in the terms and conditions for the card. vendors who help us verify users identity, background information, and eligibility to work, or who screen users in connection with sanctions, anti-money laundering, or know-your-customer requirements. insurance, vehicle, or financial services providers for drivers and/or delivery persons. partner transportation companies (for drivers or delivery persons who use our services through an account associated with such a company). publicly available sources. marketing service providers or data resellers whose data Uber uses for marketing or research. law enforcement officials, public health officials, and other government authorities. B. How we use personal data Uber uses data to enable reliable and convenient transportation, delivery, and other products and services. We also use such data: to enhance the safety and security of our users and services for customer support for research and development to enable communications between users for marketing and advertising to send non-marketing communications to users in connection with legal proceedings For your convenience, weve provided a visual summary of the data we collect and how we use it here. We use the data we collect: 1. To provide our services. Uber uses data to provide, personalize, maintain, and improve our services. This includes using data to: create/update accounts. enable transportation, delivery and other services/features, such as: using location data to navigate rider pick-ups and order drop-offs, calculate ETAs, and track the progress of rides or deliveries. features that involve data sharing, such as sharing driver first name and vehicle information with riders to facilitate pick-ups, user profile and trip details for ETA sharing and fare splitting, and user ratings and compliments. match available drivers and delivery persons to users requesting services. Users can be matched based on availability, location/proximity, user settings/preferences and other factors such as likelihood to accept a trip based on their past behavior or preferences. Please see here for further information about our matching process. features that facilitate use of our services by those with disabilities. features that involve account linking, such as linking of email to create Uber Travel itineraries and linking of rewards programs to enable partnership benefits (such as with Marriott Bonvoy). enable dynamic pricing, in which the price of a ride, or the delivery fee for Uber Eats orders, is determined based on factors such as estimated time and distance, predicted route, estimated traffic, and the current number of users requesting or providing services. process payments. personalize users accounts. For example, we may present an Uber Eats user with personalized restaurant or food recommendations based on their prior orders.