Part 7:
In the European Union or where otherwise required by law, such deactivation occurs only after human review and/or the possibility to appeal. For more information about how ratings are determined and used, please see here for rider ratings, here for driver ratings, and here for delivery person ratings. To object to such a deactivation, please contact Uber customer support. using driver data (such as location, ratings and gender where legally permitted) and rider data (such as ratings, origin and destination) to predict and help avoid pairings of users that may result in increased risk of conflict (for instance, because one user previously gave the other a one-star rating). sharing user name, location, phone number, vehicle details and other relevant information with third-party companies that support the management and de-escalation of interpersonal conflicts that may occur between users while on a trip or in the process of making a delivery. Uber performs the above activities on the grounds that they are necessary to fulfill the terms of our agreements with users, and/or for purposes of the legitimate safety and security interests of Uber, our users and members of the general public. 3. Customer support. Uber uses the information we collect (which may include call recordings) to provide customer support, including to investigate and address user concerns and to monitor and improve our customer support responses and processes. Uber performs the above activities on the grounds that they are necessary to fulfill the terms of our agreements with users or for purposes of Ubers legitimate interest in monitoring and improving its customer support services. 4. Research and development. We use data for testing, research, analysis, product development, and machine learning to improve the user experience. This helps us make our services more convenient and easy-to-use, enhance the safety and security of our services, and develop new services and features. Uber performs the above activities on the grounds that they are necessary for purposes of Ubers legitimate interests in improving and developing new services and features. 5. Enabling communications between users. For example, a driver may message or call a rider to confirm a pick-up location, a rider may call a driver to retrieve a lost item, or a restaurant or delivery person may contact an order recipient with information about their order. Uber performs the above activities on the grounds that they are necessary to fulfill the terms of our agreements with users. 6. Marketing and Advertising. Uber uses data (other than Guest Users data) to market its services, and those of Uber partners. This may include: Sending emails, text messages, push notification, and in-app messages or other communications marketing or advertising Uber products, services, features, offers, promotions, sweepstakes, news and events. This may include using location, trip and order history, and usage data to send marketing communications that are personalized based on users observed or inferred interests and characteristics. For example, we may send push notifications suggesting a users favorite destinations or merchants, or in-app messages offering discounts or promo for products or merchants similar to those a user has previously ordered. Displaying Uber advertising on third party apps or websites. This includes using location, trip and order history, and usage data, and sharing hashed email addresses and device or user identifiers with advertising partners (such as Facebook and TikTok), to personalize such ads to users interests. Displaying third party advertising in Ubers apps or in connection with our services. This includes ads for restaurants or merchants that are available on Uber Eats.