Part 3:
This includes encryption and the use of pseudonymized data to help protect users full identity against unauthorized disclosure. For your convenience, the exercise of your data protection rights can be directed to Uber via any of the designated channels mentioned above, and will be handled centrally on behalf of the relevant controller. Questions, comments, and complaints about Ubers data practices can be submitted here. You may also use this form to submit a question to Ubers Data Protection Officer and to ask us for a copy of the Standard Contractual Clauses or other transfer mechanisms in place for the data processing activity of your inquiry. III. Data collections and uses A. The data we collect Uber collects data: provided by users to Uber, such as during account creation created during use of our services, such as location, app usage, and device data from other sources, such as other users or account owners, business partners, vendors, insurance and financial solution providers, and governmental authorities For your convenience, weve provided a visual summary of the data we collect and how we use it here. Uber collects the following data: 1. Data provided by users. This includes: User profile information: We collect data when users create or update their Uber accounts, or place orders via guest checkout features. This may include their name, email, phone number, login name and password, address, profile picture, payment or banking information (including related payment verification information), drivers license and other government issued documents (which may include identification numbers as well as birth date, gender, and photo). This also includes vehicle or insurance information of drivers and delivery persons, emergency contact information, user settings, and evidence of health or fitness to provide services using Uber apps. Background check information (drivers and delivery persons): This includes information submitted during the driver/delivery person application process, such as driver history or criminal record (where permitted by law), license status, known aliases, prior addresses, and right to work. This information may be collected by an authorized vendor on Ubers behalf. Identity verification photos: This includes photos of users (such as, selfies) and/or their government issued identifications (such as, drivers license or passports). Such photos may be used to verify a users identity, such as through facial verification technologies. Please see the section titled How we use personal data for more information regarding how user photos are used for safety and security purposes, including identity verification. Demographic data: We may collect demographic data about users, such as birth date/age, gender or occupation, when required for certain Uber services or programs, such as Uber Cash, alcohol deliveries or safety features that allow women users to set a preference to provide or receive services to/from other women (Women Rider Preference). We may also infer demographic data from other data collected from users. For example, we may infer a users gender based on their first name to enable safety features, such as the Women Rider Preference, or to display personalized ads for third party products or services. See the section titled How we use personal data below for more information. We may also collect demographic data through user surveys. User content: We collect the data submitted by users when they contact Uber customer support (including at Uber Greenlight Hubs or via phone chat or video conferencing tools), provide ratings or feedback for other users, restaurants or merchants, or otherwise contact Uber. This may include photographs, or audio or video recordings submitted by users in connection with a customer support request. This also includes metadata relating to the method you use to communicate with Uber.