Part 5:
We may review, scan, or analyze your communications on the Airbnb Platform for reasons outlined in the How We Use Information We Collect section of this policy, including fraud prevention, security investigations, risk assessment, regulatory compliance, product development, research, analytics, enforcing our Terms of Service, and customer support purposes. For example, as part of our fraud prevention efforts, we scan and analyze messages to mask contact information and references to other sites, and subject to applicable law, we scan and analyze all images uploaded by users to the Airbnb platform in message threads, profiles, listings, and experiences for certain illegal or inappropriate activities (such as evidence of child exploitation) for the purpose of identifying and reporting content violations to appropriate authorities. In some cases, we may also scan, review, or analyze messages to debug, improve, and expand product offerings. We use automated methods where reasonably possible. Occasionally we may need to manually review communications, such as for fraud investigations and customer support, or to assess and improve the functionality of these automated tools. We will not review, scan, or analyze your messaging communications to send third-party marketing messages to you and we will not sell reviews or analyses of these communications. We may also share your communications as set out in the Sharing Disclosure section. 3.5 Linking Third-Party Accounts. You can link your Airbnb account with certain third-party services like social networks. Your contacts on these third-party services are referred to as Friends. When you direct the data sharing by creating this link: some of the information provided to us from linking accounts may be published on your public profile, your activities on the Airbnb Platform may be displayed to your Friends on the Airbnb Platform and/or that third-party service, a link to your public profile on that third-party service may be included in your Airbnb public profile, other Airbnb users may be able to see any Friends that you may have in common with them, or that you are a Friend of their Friend if applicable, other Airbnb users may be able to see any schools, hometowns, or other groups you have in common with them as listed on your linked social networking service, information you provide to us from the linking of your accounts may be stored, processed, and transmitted for fraud prevention, security investigations, and risk assessment purposes, and publication and display of information that you provide to the Airbnb Platform through this linkage is subject to your settings and authorizations on the Airbnb Platform and the third-party service. 3.6 Provide Payment Services. Personal information is used to enable, or authorize third parties to use, Payment Services, such as to: detect and prevent money laundering, fraud, abuse, and security incidents, as well as conduct risk assessments, comply with legal and compliance obligations (such as anti-money laundering regulations and sanctions enforcement), enforce the Payment Terms and other payment policies, and provide and improve Payment Services. 4. SHARING DISCLOSURE If you reside outside of the United States, learn about safeguards we rely on for transferring personal information to recipients outside of the EEA here. 4.1 Sharing With Your Consent or at Your Direction. Where you provide consent, we share your information as described at the time of consent, such as when authorizing a third-party application or website to access your Airbnb account or participating in promotional activities by Airbnb partners or third parties.