Part 1:
Airbnb exists to help build connections between people and make the world more open and inclusive. In shortto build a world where anyone can belong anywhere. We are a community built on trust. A fundamental part of earning that trust means being clear about how we use your information and protecting your human right to privacy. This Privacy Policy describes how Airbnb, Inc. and its affiliates (we, us, or Airbnb), process personal information in relation to your use of the Airbnb Platform. Depending on where you live and what you are doing on the Airbnb Platform, the supplemental privacy pages listed below may apply to you. Please follow the links and review the supplemental information describing how we process personal information for those regions and services. IMPORTANT SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION Outside of the United States. If you reside outside of the United States, such as in the European Economic Area (EEA) visit our Outside of the United States page to learn about (i) the controller(s) of your personal information, (ii) legal bases, including legitimate interests, for collecting and processing your personal information, (iii) safeguards relied upon for transferring personal information outside the EEA, (iv) your rights, and (v) contact details of the controller(s) and Data Protection Officer. If you are resident in the EEA and Switzerland, Airbnb Payments Luxembourg SA, 4 rue Henri Schnadt, L-2350 Luxembourg, is the controller of your personal information in relation to Payment Services. Airbnb Payments UK Limited, 100 New Bridge Street, London, EC4V 6JA, United Kingdom, is the controller of your personal information if you are resident in (a) Australia, for all Payment Services except for those in connection with booking any Host Service; (b) China, for Payments Services in connection with: (i) booking or offering any Host Service, located outside your country of residence, or (ii) booking a Host Service located in your country of residence where the Host resides outside your country of residence); (c) Brazil, for Payments Services in connection with: (i) booking a Host Service, located outside of Brazil, where the Host resides outside of Brazil and paying in foreign currency, or (ii) offering any Host Service, located outside Brazil, where the Guest booking the service resides outside of Brazil and pays in foreign currency(d) India, for Payments Services in connection with (i) booking or offering any Host Service, located outside India, or (ii) offering a Host Service in India to a Guest who resides outside of India; or (e) Japan and all other countries other than the EEA, Switzerland and United States, for Payment Services for all activities. If you are resident in Australia, UK, the EEA and Switzerland, India, Brazil*, and all other countries outside of the United States except China and Japan, Airbnb Ireland UC, 8 Hanover Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland, is the controller of your personal information in relation to all activities other than Payment Services. If you reside in China, Airbnb Ireland UC is the controller of your personal information in relation to booking or offering any Host Service located outside China. If you reside in Japan, Airbnb Ireland UC is the controller of your personal information in relation to booking or offering any Host Service located outside Japan and Airbnb Global Services Limited is the controller for all other activities except for Payment Services. *If you reside in Brazil, Airbnb Plataforma Digital Ltda is the controller of your personal information in relation to all activities, including Payment Services, from April 1, 2022. To contact the Data Protection Officer (DPO) for Airbnb Ireland or the Brazil Data Protection Officer (Brazil DPO) for Airbnb Plataforma Digital Ltda, click here. China.