Part 6:
Where permissible under applicable law, we may use certain information about you, such as your email address, that we share with social media platforms after de-identifying it to generate leads, drive traffic to Airbnb, or otherwise promote our products and services. 4.2 Sharing Between Members. To help facilitate bookings or other interactions between Members (who may be located in, or use service providers located in, jurisdictions with varying levels of data protection), we may share information in situations such as: Between Guest(s) and Host(s) when: A booking request is made, when there is a co-host, or a dispute is submitted, such as profile, name, names of any additional Guests, cancellation history, review information, age of guest (unless prohibited by applicable law), dispute outcome (when applicable), and other information you choose to share and submit. A booking is confirmed, additional information is shared to assist with coordinating the trip, such as profile photo and phone number. You as a Host have a confirmed booking, certain information is shared with the Guest (and any additional Guests they invite, if applicable) to coordinate the booking, such as your profile, full name, phone number, and Listing address. You communicate with a Member, such as your name, profile picture, and message content. Between Guests when: You as a Guest invite additional Guests to a booking, certain information is shared with each additional Guest, such as your name, travel dates, Host name, Listing details, Accommodation address, and other related information. Between Hosts when: You accept an invitation to host with another Member, you authorize those other Member(s), such as co-Hosts, to access and update your information and Member Content, such as certain information like your full name, phone number, Listing address, calendar, Listing information, Listing photos, and email address. 4.3 Information You Publish in Profiles, Listings, and Other Public Information. You can make certain information publicly visible to others, such as: Your public profile page, which includes your profile photo, first name (or initials where applicable), description, and city. Listing pages that include information such as the Accommodation or Experiences approximate or precise location description, calendar availability, profile photo, aggregated demand information (like page views over a period of time), and additional information you choose to share. Reviews, ratings, and other public feedback. Content in a community or discussion forum, blog, or social media post. We may display parts of your public profile and other Content you make available to the public like Listing details on third-party sites, platforms, and apps. Information you share publicly on the Airbnb Platform may be indexed through third-party search engines. In some cases, you may opt-out of this feature in your account settings. 4.4 Host Service Providers. Hosts may use third-party services to help manage or deliver their services, such as cleaning services or lock providers. Hosts may use features on the Airbnb Platform to share information about the Guest (like check-in and check-out information, Guest name, Guest phone number) with such third-party service providers.