Part 3:
Log Data and Device Information. Such as details about how youve used the Airbnb Platform (including if you clicked on links to third-party applications), IP address, access dates and times, hardware and software information, device information, device event information, unique identifiers, crash data, and the pages youve viewed or engaged with before or after using the Airbnb Platform. We may collect this information even if you havent created an Airbnb account or logged in. Cookies and Similar Technologies As Described in Our Cookie Policy. Payment Transaction Information. Such as payment instrument used, date and time, payment amount, payment instrument expiration date and billing postcode, PayPal email address, IBAN information, your address, and other related transaction details. 2.4 Personal Information We Collect from Third Parties. We collect personal information from other sources, such as: Third-Party Services. If you link, connect, or login to the Airbnb Platform with a third-party service (e.g., Google, Facebook, WeChat), you direct the service to send us information such as your registration, friends list, and profile information as controlled by that service or as authorized by you via your privacy settings at that service. Background Information. For Members in the United States, to the extent permitted by applicable laws, we may obtain, for example, reports of criminal records, sex offender registrations, and other information about you and/or your background. For Hosts in India, to the extent permitted by applicable laws, we may perform criminal background checks. For Members outside of the United States, to the extent permitted by applicable laws and with your consent where required, we may obtain police, background, or registered sex offender checks. We may use your information, including your full name and date of birth, to obtain such reports. Enterprise Product Invitations and Account Management. Organizations that use our Enterprise products may submit personal information to facilitate account management and invitations to use enterprise products. Referrals and Co-Travelers. If you are invited to the Airbnb Platform, for example, as a co-traveler on a trip, the person who invited you can submit personal information about you such as your email address or other contact information. Guest Travel Insurance. If you make a claim under our Guest Travel Insurance policy, we will receive information regarding your claim in order to process, handle, or assess your claim and as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Other Sources. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may receive additional information about you, such as references, demographic data, or information to help detect fraud and safety issues from third-party service providers and/or partners, and combine it with information we have about you. For example, we may receive background check results or fraud warnings from identity verification service providers for use in our fraud prevention, security investigation, and risk assessment efforts. We may receive information about you and your activities on and off the Airbnb Platform, or about your experiences and interactions from our partners. We may receive health information, including but not limited to, health information related to contagious diseases. 3. HOW WE USE INFORMATION WE COLLECT If you reside outside of the United States, click here to learn about our legal bases for collection and processing personal information. We use personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. 3.1 Provide, Improve, and Develop the Airbnb Platform. 