Part 6:
Does data have an expiration date?How long do you keep data? Generally, we keep your data as long as your account is up. 4. How Long We Keep Information We keep different types of information for different periods of time: We keep your profile information and content for the duration of your account. We generally keep other personally identifiable data we collect when you use our products and services for a maximum of 18 months. Remember public content can exist elsewhere even after you remove it from Twitter. For example, search engines and other third parties may retain copies of your Tweets longer, based upon their own privacy policies, even after they are deleted or expire on Twitter. You can read more about search visibility here. Where you violate our Rules and your account is suspended, we may keep the identifiers you used to create the account (i.e., email address or phone number) indefinitely to prevent repeat policy offenders from creating new accounts. We may keep certain information longer than our policies specify in order to comply with legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. How can I control my data? You can access it, delete it, or change your settings. Basically, you are the boss. 5. Take Control 5.1 Access, Correction, Portability. You can access, correct, or modify the information you provided to us by editing your profile and adjusting your account settings. You can learn more about the information we have collected or inferred about you in Your Twitter Data and request access to additional information here. You can download a copy of your information, such as your Tweets, by following the instructions here. On the Periscope website, you can request correction or modification of your information, and download your account information, by following the instructions here. To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with a deletion, portability, or other related request. We may, in certain situations, reject your request for access, correction, or portability, for example, we may reject access where you are unable to verify your identity. 5.2 Deleting your Information. If you follow the instructions here (or for Periscope here), your account will be deactivated. When deactivated, your Twitter account, including your display name, username, and public profile, will no longer be viewable on Twitter.com, Twitter for iOS, and Twitter for Android. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your Twitter account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated. 5.3 Objecting to, Restricting, or Withdrawing your Consent. You can manage your privacy settings and other account features here. If you change your settings it may take some time for your choices to be fully reflected throughout our systems. You may also notice changes in your Twitter experience or limitations in your ability to access certain features depending on the settings you have adjusted. Twitter adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (also referred to as interest-based advertising) and respects the DAAs consumer choice tool for you to opt out of interest-based advertising at https://optout.aboutads.info/. 5.4 Authorized Agent Requests. To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact Twitter section of our Privacy Policy below. We may require you to provide additional information for verification. How does Twitter handle my information wherever I am? We treat your information fairly, no matter where you live around the world. 