Part 7:
6. Your Rights and Ours We provide Twitter to people all over the world and provide many of the same privacy tools and controls to all of our users regardless of where they live. However, your experience may be slightly different than users in other countries to ensure Twitter respects local requirements. 6.1 We have specific legal bases to use your information. Twitter has carefully considered the legal reasons it is permitted to collect, use, share and otherwise process your information. If you want to dig in to learn more and better understand the nuances, we encourage you to check out this additional information about data processing. And no, we don't sell your personal information. 6.2 We move your data to make Twitter work for you. Just as you use Twitter to seamlessly participate in global conversations with people in countries all over the world, Twitter must move information across borders and to different countries around the world to support the safe and reliable service you depend on. For example, if you live in Europe and are having a conversation with someone in the United States, information has to move between those countries to provide that experience – its what you expect from us. We also use data centers and cloud providers and engage our affiliates and third-party partners and service providers located in many parts of the world to help us provide our services. Before we move data between countries we look at the risks that may be presented to the data and rely on things like standard contractual clauses, where applicable, to ensure your data rights are protected. If data will be shared with a third party, we require them to maintain the same protections over your data that we provide directly. Is Twitter for kids? Nope, Twitter is not intended for people under 13. 7. Twitters Audience Our services are not directed to children, and you may not use our services if you are under the age of 13. You must also be old enough to consent to the processing of your personal data in your country (in some countries we may allow your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf). Will this policy change? If it does, well let you know. 8. Changes To This Privacy Policy The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs our processing of your personal data and we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed. If we do revise this Privacy Policy and make changes that are determined by us to be material, we will provide you notice and an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy before you continue to use Twitter. How can I contact Twitter? Slide into our … very official inbox. 9. How To Contact Twitter We want to hear from you if you have thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy. You can contact us via our Privacy Policy Inquiries page or by writing to us at the appropriate address below. If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is Twitter, Inc. with an address of: Twitter, Inc. Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry 1355 Market Street, Suite 900 San Francisco, CA 94103 If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller is Twitter International Unlimited Company, with an address of: Twitter International Unlimited Company Attn: Data Protection Officer One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRELAND You can confidentially contact Twitters Data Protection Officer through our Data Protection Inquiry Form. If you wish to raise a concern about our data processing practices, you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or Twitter International Unlimited Companys lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, using the contact details listed on their website.