Part 6:
Researchers and academics. We also provide information and content to research partners and academics to conduct research that advances scholarship and innovation that support our business or mission, and enhances discovery and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being. Law enforcement or legal requests. We share information with law enforcement or in response to legal requests in the circumstances outlined below. Learn more about how you can control the information about you that you or others share with third-party partners in the Facebook Settings and Instagram Settings. How do the Meta Companies work together? Facebook and Instagram share infrastructure, systems and technology with other Meta Companies (which include WhatsApp and Oculus) to provide an innovative, relevant, consistent and safe experience across all Meta Company Products you use. We also process information about you across the Meta Companies for these purposes, as permitted by applicable law and in accordance with their terms and policies. For example, we process information from WhatsApp about accounts sending spam on its service so we can take appropriate action against those accounts on Facebook, Instagram or Messenger. We also work to understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products, such as understanding the number of unique users on different Meta Company Products. How can I manage or delete information about me? We provide you with the ability to access, rectify, port and erase your data. Learn more in your Facebook Settings and Instagram Settings. We store data until it is no longer necessary to provide our services and Meta Products, or until your account is deleted - whichever comes first. This is a case-by-case determination that depends on things like the nature of the data, why it is collected and processed, and relevant legal or operational retention needs. For example, when you search for something on Facebook, you can access and delete that query from within your search history at any time, but the log of that search is deleted after 6 months. If you submit a copy of your government-issued ID for account verification purposes, we delete that copy 30 days after review, unless otherwise stated. Learn more about deletion of content you have shared and cookie data obtained through social plugins. When you delete your account, we delete things you have posted, such as your photos and status updates, and you wont be able to recover that information later. Information that others have shared about you isnt part of your account and wont be deleted. If you dont want to delete your account but want to temporarily stop using the Products, you can deactivate your account instead. To delete your account at any time, please visit the Facebook Settings and Instagram Settings. How do we respond to legal requests or prevent harm? We access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others: In response to a legal request (like a search warrant, court order or subpoena) if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so. This may include responding to legal requests from jurisdictions outside of the United States when we have a good-faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally recognized standards.