Part 7:
When we have a good-faith belief it is necessary to: detect, prevent and address fraud, unauthorized use of the Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, property or Products), you or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory inquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm. For example, if relevant, we provide information to and receive information from third-party partners about the reliability of your account to prevent fraud, abuse and other harmful activity on and off our Products. Information we receive about you (including financial transaction data related to purchases made on our Products) can be accessed and preserved for an extended period when it is the subject of a legal request or obligation, governmental investigation, or investigations of possible violations of our terms or policies, or otherwise to prevent harm. We also retain information from accounts disabled for terms violations for at least a year to prevent repeat abuse or other term violations. How do we operate and transfer data as part of our global services? We share information globally, both internally within the Meta Companies, and externally with our partners and with those you connect and share with around the world in accordance with this policy. Your information may, for example, be transferred or transmitted to, or stored and processed in the United States or other countries outside of where you live for the purposes as described in this policy. These data transfers are necessary to provide the services set forth in the Meta Terms and Instagram Terms and to globally operate and provide our Products to you. We utilize standard contract clauses, rely on the European Commissions adequacy decisions about certain countries, as applicable, and obtain your consent for these data transfers to the United States and other countries. How will we notify you of changes to this policy? Well notify you before we make changes to this policy and give you the opportunity to review the revised policy before you choose to continue using our Products. How to contact us with questions You can learn more about how privacy works on Facebook and on Instagram. If you have questions about this policy, you can contact us as described below. Contact Us You can contact us online or by mail at: Meta Platforms, Inc. ATTN: Privacy Operations 1601 Willow Road Menlo Park, CA 94025 Date of Last Revision: January 4, 2022