Part 2:
For example, we use information collected about your use of our Products on your phone to better personalize the content (including ads) or features you see when you use our Products on another device, such as your laptop or tablet, or to measure whether you took an action in response to an ad we showed you on your phone on a different device. Information we obtain from these devices includes: Device attributes: information such as the operating system, hardware and software versions, battery level, signal strength, available storage space, browser type, app and file names and types, and plugins. Device operations: information about operations and behaviors performed on the device, such as whether a window is foregrounded or backgrounded, or mouse movements (which can help distinguish humans from bots). Identifiers: unique identifiers, device IDs, and other identifiers, such as from games, apps or accounts you use, and Family Device IDs (or other identifiers unique to Meta Company Products associated with the same device or account). Device signals: Bluetooth signals, and information about nearby Wi-Fi access points, beacons, and cell towers. Data from device settings: information you allow us to receive through device settings you turn on, such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos. Network and connections: information such as the name of your mobile operator or ISP, language, time zone, mobile phone number, IP address, connection speed and, in some cases, information about other devices that are nearby or on your network, so we can do things like help you stream a video from your phone to your TV. Cookie data: data from cookies stored on your device, including cookie IDs and settings. Learn more about how we use cookies in the Facebook Cookies Policy and Instagram Cookies Policy. Information from partners. Advertisers, app developers, and publishers can send us information through Meta Business Tools they use, including our social plug-ins (such as the Like button), Facebook Login, our APIs and SDKs, or the Meta pixel. These partners provide information about your activities off of our Productsincluding information about your device, websites you visit, purchases you make, the ads you see, and how you use their serviceswhether or not you have an account or are logged into our Products. For example, a game developer could use our API to tell us what games you play, or a business could tell us about a purchase you made in its store. We also receive information about your online and offline actions and purchases from third-party data providers who have the rights to provide us with your information. Partners receive your data when you visit or use their services or through third parties they work with. We require each of these partners to have lawful rights to collect, use and share your data before providing any data to us. Learn more about the types of partners we receive data from. To learn more about how we use cookies in connection with Meta Business Tools, review the Facebook Cookies Policy and Instagram Cookies Policy. How do we use this information? We use the information we have (subject to choices you make) as described below and to provide and support the Meta Products and related services described in the Meta Terms and Instagram Terms. Heres how: Provide, personalize and improve our Products. We use the information we have to deliver our Products, including to personalize features and content (including your ads, Facebook News Feed, Instagram Feed, and Instagram Stories) and make suggestions for you (such as groups or events you may be interested in or topics you may want to follow) on and off our Products. 
