
Part 5:
But apps and websites you use will not be able to receive any other information about your Facebook friends from you, or information about any of your Instagram followers (although your friends and followers may, of course, choose to share this information themselves). Information collected by these third-party services is subject to their own terms and policies, not this one. Devices and operating systems providing native versions of Facebook and Instagram (i.e. where we have not developed our own first-party apps) will have access to all information you choose to share with them, including information your friends share with you, so they can provide our core functionality to you. Note: We are in the process of restricting developers data access even further to help prevent abuse. For example, we will remove developers access to your Facebook and Instagram data if you havent used their app in 3 months, and we are changing Login, so that in the next version, we will reduce the data that an app can request without app review to include only name, Instagram username and bio, profile photo and email address. Requesting any other data will require our approval. New owner. If the ownership or control of all or part of our Products or their assets changes, we may transfer your information to the new owner. Sharing with Third-Party Partners We work with third-party partners who help us and improve our Products or who use Meta Business Tools to grow their businesses, which makes it possible to operate our companies and provide free services to people around the world. We dont sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also impose strict restrictions on how our partners can use and disclose the data we provide. Here are the types of third parties we share information with: Partners who use our analytics services. We provide aggregated statistics and insights that help people and businesses understand how people are engaging with their posts, listings, Facebook Pages, videos and other content on and off the Meta Products. For example, Facebook Page admins and Instagram business profiles receive information about the number of people or accounts who viewed, reacted to, or commented on their posts, as well as aggregate demographic and other information that helps them understand interactions with their account or Facebook Page. Advertisers. We provide advertisers with reports about the kinds of people seeing their ads and how their ads are performing, but we dont share information that personally identifies you (information such as your name or email address that by itself can be used to contact you or identifies who you are) unless you give us permission. For example, we provide general demographic and interest information to advertisers (for example, that an ad was seen by a woman between the ages of 25 and 34 who lives in Madrid and likes software engineering) to help them better understand their audience. We also confirm which ads led you to make a purchase or take an action with an advertiser. Measurement partners. We share information about you with companies that aggregate it to provide analytics and measurement reports to our partners. Partners offering goods and services in our Products. When you subscribe to receive premium content, or buy something from a seller in our Products, the content creator or seller can receive your public information and other information you share with them, as well as the information needed to complete the transaction, including shipping and contact details. Vendors and service providers. We provide information and content to vendors and service providers who support our business, such as by providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Products are used, providing customer service, facilitating payments or conducting surveys.